---
title: Goals
author: Vinod Lasrado
date: 2020-05-30 08:24:00 -0800
categories: [Blogging, FirstStep]
tags: [stickingtoit,goal,goals]
toc: false
---

## I am like most people. 

The hardest part of anything is sticking to it. Many new years resolutions fail within days. I don’t remember the last time mine lasted more than a week. The most any of my resolutions have lasted is I guess 3 months, which is a great achievement for me.
I have thought of writing this blog at least 15 times. I stopped and started writing this post a few times. But here I am finally to work on my plan of sticking to it.

So here are a few things I want to accomplish over the coming year.

## Running a marathon

I don’t know the number of times I have had this goal. The most I have progressed towards achieving this goal is working out for a 3 month period, and I had made some decent progress. 
* Ran a 5k organised by Cisco.
* Ran a maximum of 11.2 miles in one session.
* Ran a 10k in 65 minutes.
* Biked for 50k in one session.

While these accomplishments might not be very impressive when compared to a lot of runners, I was actually proud of it since I hadn’t run or trained much before that. 
Current state: I’m back to being a couch potato. I have actually not exercised at all since the quarantine began. And the last time I ran months ago, I actually barely completed a 5k non-stop.

## Play 10 songs by ear 

This is another one of my long-standing dreams. I learned to play the guitar during my first year of engineering. I found a guitar lying abandoned in a library and I asked if I could borrow it and that’s how it all began. 10 years down the line, I’m still a beginner to intermediate player and cannot play by ear, and that’s my goal for this year. 
 
## Innovating
This one probably seems to come right out of some corporate board room, but let me explain further. I have a feeling that my life has been on auto-pilot till now. Graduate from school, college, pursue engineering. Since I was good at it I went on to pursue masters’ and am currently working at a place that I like. But still, I want to blaze a small trail somewhere, be it at work or elsewhere. 

So here it is my dreams for this year. The difference between the dreamer and the achiever is action and that is why I have started writing this blog. Another reason why I am writing this blog is for your support. Maybe you can help me with some of my goals, or lambast me for the things I am doing wrong or just send me a reminder that I am going off track. I need the peer pressure and peer support.

Thanks, guys. ‘til next time.

